Copies Atlas CLI commands for release tag: atlascli/v1.40.0 (#947)
mongodb/docs-atlas-cli: source/command/atlas-api-serverlessInstances-createServerlessInstance.txt

   :depth: 1
   :class: singlecol

`experimental <https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/cli/current/command/atlas-api/>`_: Update as of Feb 2025: This endpoint now creates a Flex cluster instead.

> This endpoint will no longer be supported starting January 2026. Continuous backups are not supported and serverlessContinuousBackupEnabled will not take effect. Please use the createFlexCluster endpoint instead. Creates one serverless instance in the specified project. To use this resource, the requesting API Key must have the Project Owner role. This command is invoking the endpoint with OperationID: 'createServerlessInstance'. For more information about flags, format of --file and examples, see: https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/api-resources-spec/v2/#tag/Serverless-Instances/operation/createServerlessInstance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint will no longer be supported starting January 2026. Continuous backups are not supported and serverlessContinuousBackupEnabled will not take effect. Please use the createFlexCluster endpoint instead. Creates one serverless instance in the specified project. To use this resource, the requesting API Key must have the Project Owner role. This command invokes the endpoint with OperationID: 'createServerlessInstance'. For more information about flags, format of --file and examples, see: https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/api-resources-spec/v2/#tag/Serverless-Instances/operation/createServerlessInstance
```
